https://codepen.io/rivercro/pen/YzPjVrX?editors=1100

<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    to using meaningful tags 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html is the structure of the website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes go inside tags to add more information
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    an h1 is used for the main title and should only be used once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a tag and img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    links to other files, title and what language we are using
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is an attribute that allows us to specifically style whatever we use it on
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    any element in a body 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a class is like an id but can be used multiple times 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    anything within the body 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many times as needed 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="blank" after the href link
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    it is used to allow screen readers to describe the image 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    using a # 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means the content inside is grouped and a div is for cosmetic use
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{ code goes here }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    we would use classes when we want certain parts of a webpage to have a matching style otherwise we would use an id to give a different style to a certain aspect of our webpage
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    we use the . key
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a child selector is nested inside a parent selector and this would be useful when we want both selectors to be similar but have some differences on the child
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it specifys a certain state of the webpage 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    we can use padding or margin
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    with a universal selector * or selecting the body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm file name 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it allows two developers to work on a single project at the same time
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    frequently
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin -u branchname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork the project, add your tl as a colaborator, clone your forked repo through gitbash, create a branch using your first and last name, once you are ready working on your project 
    use git add . then commit the changes, push the new files to your forked repo, then change go to your github and change the branch from master to your branch and create a new pull request,
    when making a pull request change base repository to your forked repo, then add your tl to the reviwers then allow your tl to review the work

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
    inline elements do not force things onto a new line while block elements do
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it is taken out of the flow 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    using padding and margins
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    two inlline elements [span, i] 3 block elements[nav, section, header] i cant find anything on inline-block
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    it the box model is a used to style and fix the layout of our website



   --> 